Jamie: Hello.
Natalie Austin: Jamie
Jamie: Finishing up suffer.
Natalie Austin: Are you
Natalie Austin: Good, thank you.
Natalie Austin: Welcome to Brain hard
Jamie: Thank you. I've been trying to get in for a while and it just hasn't worked out, but I finally got it all done.
Natalie Austin: Oh, good.
Natalie Austin: Well, what did you have to do.
Jamie: I'm just with all the
Jamie: Yeah, and the phone calls and I had, I was on another clinic. I've been at and it charges me. And so I just I can't afford it anymore. There's not many places that take my insurance around here.
Natalie Austin: Yeah. Nobody you know
Natalie Austin: Well, that's
Jamie: And I
Jamie: Know,
Natalie Austin: You're glad you found us.
Jamie: Yeah, me too.
Good.
Natalie Austin: See here.
Natalie Austin: So,
Natalie Austin: You have a current prescription for Suboxone them.
Jamie: I've had one I'm due for one tomorrow. I was supposed to go back tomorrow. And I told them I probably wouldn't be coming back. I'll probably cancel in the morning.
Okay.
Jamie: $250 a month.
Natalie Austin: And then the prescription. On top of that,
Jamie: Know my insurance pays for their prescription
Natalie Austin: Oh, that's good. Okay.
Jamie: Hmm.
Natalie Austin: Some other clinics. They had to buy the pills there.
Jamie: Yeah, some are that
Natalie Austin: is crazy.
Jamie: It's really hard.
Jamie: Especially with the virus going on and not being able to work for me. I lost my job, due to the virus. So are laid off. So I really can't afford it right now.
Natalie Austin: What, what, what did you do
Jamie: I'm home house where I'm home health care.
Jamie: And actually, the gentleman. I was taking care of I i've been self employed taking care of them for 12 years and he they actually put him in the nursing home.
Natalie Austin: Which seems kind of that's the last place to go.
Jamie: I know
Jamie: But he had some pre existing things going on before the virus. So he needed to go in there for rehabilitation for a little while, but
Jamie: He could have stayed home if it wasn't for the virus seems kind of backwards to me, but I guess they would have had to have a lot of nurses and all that coming out to the House if he didn't go there.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Wow you around here. Let's try to get people out of the nursing home.
Natalie Austin: That's where all the
Natalie Austin: Code of the codes are rampant here in the nursing
Jamie: I know it's great.
Jamie: I don't know what's true and what's not.
Natalie Austin: I know you hear so many different things, you know,
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Um, so tell me about your story. Um, so, how old were you when you first started taking opiates. What happened was the circumstances, how you got out of it.
Jamie: Well, if she's a nice night and I was
Jamie: Handling a lot of pain, a lot of problems. And I had a doctor prescribed me. I've been to meet roses for a long time now.
Jamie: And I had a doctor. Start prescribing me pain pills for that for quite a few years and at the time of an epidemic yet so I didn't have any I gather, they were addicting or anything. So that was it was started off as for pain and then
Jamie: It just went on from there which pill paying bills is the only thing I've ever
Jamie: Really had a problem with I'm not a drinker or anything like that, but I have not
Jamie: Abuse any pills in a long time. I've been on so but I was on methadone for about seven years and I got off of that you've got on the Suboxone and then
Jamie: I've been on that off and on for the last five years, while I was on for four years doing good. And I waned off and I weaned off on my own.
Jamie: So it wasn't very successful. Yeah. Well, it was for I did good for a few months, and then I went back to
Jamie: The clinic. And so I've had two unsuccessful attempts of trying to get off but
Jamie: It's been about maybe eight months now that I've been back on and just stabilizing I've had a lot of situational stress going on like to
Natalie Austin: Okay, what's going on.
Jamie: I just, I had my daughter was via my 12 year old daughter was violated by a close family friend and
Jamie: So we've got the core. It's just the court process, the legal process, the counseling. It's just, it's been a lot
Natalie Austin: On cn rail.
Jamie: No, yeah, he's out on bond, and now it's just prolonging even longer because of the virus, they can't they have like shut down. They're not doing court.
I know
Jamie: That's ridiculous.
Jamie: I mean,
Jamie: People are going to court. I don't know how they pick and choose, you know,
Jamie: But in his case, now it's gone on till July.
Wow.
Jamie: Which will definitely go though.
Natalie Austin: Oh, good. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, all the proof and everything.
Jamie: Oh yeah, they've got the detectives built a strong case. They've got him admitting everything
Natalie Austin: Oh, good. Okay.
Jamie: Yeah, it's a very strong case prosecutor side. Oh, get at least 11 years
Natalie Austin: Oh wow, that's awesome.
Well, yeah.
Jamie: I'd be nice if they did on type of if he was in his 30s, so that route, you're going to ask
Natalie Austin: Now, so that, yes, it would be nice if they did rehab.
Jamie: That's
Jamie: Sad like for them to go. I mean, it's good. They go to prison, but they need to rehabilitate them before they put them back on the streets.
Natalie Austin: You know, I know. Yeah, I agree.
Jamie: And statistically it's bound to happen again when even if it's a year road.
Natalie Austin: I know unfortunately
Jamie: I'm hiding in my laundry room because my daughter's in the other room.
Natalie Austin: Oh,
Natalie Austin: So you got on the map.
Natalie Austin: You got on methadone to get off the opioids, is that correct
Yes.
Jamie: Well, actually I I started to get off of the opiates and off of the pain pills and I found out I was pregnant and at the time so boxing wasn't even, it was still being studied.
Jamie: So the only thing that was
Jamie: Was the methadone, so I had to get on the Methadone
Natalie Austin: Oh,
Natalie Austin: And so
Jamie: That started that cycle, which I wish I'd never done that but
Natalie Austin: It's not hard to get off as methadone hard to get off of
Jamie: That some people say it's really hard to get off of but i i really weaned myself down over a long period of time to a really low dose and then started on the Suboxone so it wasn't too hard.
Jamie: Oh, good. Just got another thing too is I never got up on the high dose of it.
Natalie Austin: You know,
Jamie: Oh, good. Okay. Around like 130 milligrams a day like
Jamie: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: That is a lot holy
Jamie: I never, never my over 30 which was that's what they started you Atlas 30
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Jamie: Oh wow chisel still
Natalie Austin: Sounds like a lot.
Jamie: Yeah, so it's been a I haven't had a problem I have not had a problem, going back to the pills like I don't want that. I just had a problem.
Jamie: When I come off of the Suboxone and then I'll go a couple of months, but rather than relaxing onto the pills. I just kind of go back on the soapbox and because I'm there to where I I'm just not ready. I know it's going to be one or the other.
Natalie Austin: So, um, when you had endometriosis that your OB GYN started you on pain pills what pain pills were they do you remember
Percocet.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: And then you can go to the park.
Jamie: That's, you know,
Jamie: He updated and upped it to. I was on by the time that was over he was giving me ox Cotton's
Natalie Austin: What
Jamie: Oh, well, yeah.
Jamie: He was mostly no. But he was definitely a classic which
Jamie: Back then it like I said it wasn't an epidemic get like it.
Jamie: I had never even heard of thing. I didn't know they're addictive at all.
Natalie Austin: You know, until people started getting off for them.
Natalie Austin: Mm hmm.
Natalie Austin: You know, so all the all hell broke loose because it was a thing called withdrawal happen. Yeah.
Jamie: So you never know any drugs, no.
Jamie: No. Okay. Oh, that's good.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: So how old are you now.
Jamie: 40 you're
Natalie Austin: If we're in this all started what what age.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: So, and when did you start getting clean why
Jamie: Start on the method.
Jamie: And 2006 at the end of 2006. So how many years that I was born in 1980 so
Natalie Austin: The 14 that's 14 years
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: You're 4040 minus 14 seven
Natalie Austin: Yeah 126
Jamie: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: She been clean since 26
Jamie: Well well at 20 once I got the methadone. Yeah, yeah.
Jamie: I mean, I know, I know, but I don't consider myself clean taking Suboxone like my goal is to eventually I actually am getting because I do have a lot of I mainly click like I probably could get off it, but I do have a lot of the pain. And I think that triggers me when I do have it.
Jamie: So I am planning on getting direct to me sometime soon because my I give a lot of problems is to get transfusions every three months because I bleed so heavily and my body doesn't replace the red cells. So I'm no oxygen in my blood.
Jamie: So for many reasons. I'm going to be getting hysterectomy sometime in the near future to help with that. And then my goal would be to get off the Suboxone because I know I'm clean but I'm not clean in my eyes.
All right.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: So, um,
Natalie Austin: So you're on methadone for 14 years there's not there's not a pill. You have to go every day for
Jamie: Yeah, and I use
Jamie: Oh, I lived in Cleveland. Yeah, I looked up in Cleveland, at the time, so I was only five minutes away and
Jamie: I
Jamie: Know, I was on the Methadone for 14 years
Jamie: I was confused. I didn't. I started on the Methadone in at the end of 2006 and I was on it for seven years and then I got on the Suboxone
Natalie Austin: Oh, okay.
Natalie Austin: So from
Jamie: About 1999 until 2006 I was on the pain pills.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Let's try to do the math here tonight.
Natalie Austin: Started oh opioids.
Natalie Austin: And then 2006 so you were 26 years old in 2006
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: And
Natalie Austin: That's when you started on the what
Jamie: Select another method method them.
Natalie Austin: Right. And I was only for seven years.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: So 3833
Jamie: Yeah, that's when I got off the methadone and got onto the Suboxone
Natalie Austin: We will do Suboxone for seven years. So seven and seven. Right.
Jamie: Yeah, well I've stopped.
Jamie: But yeah
Natalie Austin: Did you ever go to rehab or anything.
Jamie: I'm not inpatient no
Jamie: I'VE NEVER I'VE DONE, not even real. Nothing like
Jamie: Just I counseling and stuff that I chose to do on my own, you know,
Jamie: And meetings and before I moved where I live now. I used to go to a lot of meetings and I was involved in a lot of stuff, but I live in a very rural community now.
Jamie: That's another thing that you guys I'm so grateful because i don't i have to drive at least an hour to get anywhere where I live. So to go to the doctors
Jamie: And if I know a lot of them. They want you to go once a week and then I'll move it maybe once every other week, but it's hard to hold a job down and have to take off one day a week, cuz your doctors is an hour away. It takes up to four or five hours out of your day.
Jamie: Right.
Jamie: And do that at the same time.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, it is.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: So what does. Are you taking now Suboxone
Jamie: I'm waiting. Now I take one eight milligram in the morning and I take one in the evening.
Natalie Austin: Did eight slash two is that the tablets or the film.
Jamie: The tablets.
Natalie Austin: Twice a day. Okay.
Natalie Austin: We have a pharmacy already set up with us.
Yes.
Jamie: So I be seeing you once a week on here.
Natalie Austin: Yes.
Okay.
Jamie: All right, I didn't know it was a
Jamie: Counselor, or was it you or do I see a counselor also
Natalie Austin: Yeah, on Thursdays, we might actually make a new group opening up on Mondays, but on Thursdays. We have a counselor and myself. We work together.
Natalie Austin: And there's a big group of us. We all you know we do the med refills. You guys will tell me you know doing refill or
Natalie Austin: And if you want to individual with me as well. You're welcome to we can do that too.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Some people do both. Some people want to do the group. So, you know, whatever you feel comfortable with.
Jamie: Okay. All right. I just wondering, I know I asked a lot of questions.
Jamie: But I just okay here.
Jamie: And now.
Jamie: So it's just once a week on here is what you guys require and then do I have to do the urine screening is that once a week or once a month.
Natalie Austin: Once a month.
Jamie: Okay, it doesn't matter. But now I know she said that you take the results off and read them right there, or do I need a mail and mail it to like a lab or anything.
Natalie Austin: I don't think so. If they send it to your house. We just take a picture of it, you're not on video or yeah we see we watch you do it on video.
Natalie Austin: Kind of thing.
Natalie Austin: Okay, now
Jamie: Do you have a problem is marijuana an issue.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: Well, we will, if you would like to you to get your medical marijuana card. If you can
Jamie: I want to, but right now I can't afford it. My husband.
Natalie Austin: Arguing around there, are they charging a lot
Jamie: Well, it's about two or $50 right now to get started and then my insurance does not pay for it. So I'd have to pay for everything out of pocket.
Jamie: Okay, like, including going to the dispensary so
Jamie: To start off, it's it'd be about $400
Jamie: That's to get your card do everything. But yeah, they actually just made it legal medically legal here just a couple of months ago.
Jamie: But on my, my husband just got his. So what I do use it is medical so I'm not getting something off the streets that you got to worry about something else's in it, they know that's something that scares me that
Natalie Austin: I mean, the medical grade might not have the THC and I, which is good because the THC up comes up in a drug screen.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, so let's
Natalie Austin: Let's hope that that's not you know the THC form, but
Natalie Austin: That's all we encourage you to do that, Elisa your elite your legal and you have it in your system for a reason for medical reason
Natalie Austin: You know, not yeah recreational use.
Jamie: Yeah, I really, I only use it night. Actually, to be honest, it helps me calm down, you go to sleep.
Jamie: And another thing it does help me with is when things are stressful, like if you have a roast five or a stressful week or a stressful day
Jamie: I'm I mean I'm up to a decent wait now I'm at like 130 but with stress. I can drop 10 or 15 pounds in like two weeks, like it really affects my appetite. So that's one thing it does help to, you know, if I'm really stressed out to help me eat.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Well, let's make that a goal, though least try to get the TV and trying to save some money up to get it.
Jamie: Yeah, I get it, I qualify for. It's just financially but I work
Natalie Austin: I work on it. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Okay. Sounds good.
Jamie: I just wanted to make sure I was honest and make sure let you know up front. And let me make sure I wasn't going to be a major issue.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, thank you for being honest.
Natalie Austin: Let me go into your chart here.
Natalie Austin: See
Natalie Austin: I want to switch over screens here for a second.
Natalie Austin: I'm not leaving. Yeah.
Jamie: So, okay.
Natalie Austin: I'm still here.
Natalie Austin: So what is your past medical history, do you have anything any diabetes, high blood pressure,
Jamie: No. The only issue I had is with my endometriosis, like I said, it causes me the chronic anemia, and I have to get the blood transfusions every few months. But other than that, I'm perfectly healthy
Natalie Austin: Okay, and your date of birth is one right April 119 80
Natalie Austin: Yeah, well, happy birthday. Just had a birthday this month.
Jamie: Yeah for Fools Day.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, you enemy enemy trio system, whoa, what's the other thing called
Natalie Austin: You set
Up a name for it. Yeah.
Jamie: I have chronic anemia and there. It's a big huge word, whatever it is, but it's basically where my body's not replacing the red blood cells and then I have no oxygen in my blood.
Jamie: So it makes me very fatigued and weak and my body just doesn't replace as much as I lose
Jamie: Okay, I don't know. It's something. It's a big H word
Natalie Austin: It's not Thrombocytopenia is it
Jamie: No, no, no. There's something to do with my hemoglobin, something like that word.
Jamie: But it's all
Jamie: So I'll do to my period.
Natalie Austin: Oh, is it
Jamie: Oh yeah, that causes causes
Jamie: Very heavy bleeding and very painful periods, and for me I healings painful to but like two weeks in between. But it causes very heavy bleeding.
Jamie: Orion.
Natalie Austin: Have you been like that ever since you started the mentees when you were like 16 or whatever.
Jamie: No, I wasn't diagnosed with it until I was 19 that's when I started having a severe cramping and the heavier breathing and
Jamie: The last five years is when it got worse. I guess the heavier heavier bleeding. That's when the NEA NEA and everything got worse.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Jamie: I like I said sometime in the near future. I'm going to be getting a hysterectomy here. So I wanted to worry about it.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: So all this is related to your uterus then everything's coming out of the uterus all the bleeding and
Jamie: Yeah yeah everything's related to my menstrual cycle, which is my uterus.
Natalie Austin: Yeah. Wow.
Jamie: I guess I get I got real heavy scar tissue in the uterus, and that's what endometriosis causes which that's why women can't get pregnant.
Natalie Austin: Right.
Jamie: Well, you can get pregnant. I've gotten probably know many times and not just not being able to carry
Natalie Austin: Oh, okay.
Natalie Austin: So how many kids do you have
Jamie: I luckily I have three
Natalie Austin: Um, wow, that's good.
Jamie: Well, I had one young so I had one before I was diagnosed and then
Jamie: I had a few laparoscopic laparoscopic these and they were like scraped magically now and I was able to have one child that way. And then the last one was a really hard struggle I have like seven miscarriages trying to have her
Natalie Austin: Oh, wow.
Jamie: I'm done.
Natalie Austin: Oh,
Natalie Austin: Okay, um, any past surgeries. Do you still have your tonsils appendix.
Jamie: Yep. I've got it all. No, no surgeries.
Natalie Austin: You still have your gallbladder. Yeah. Appendix console's
Jamie: Yeah, I've never had any surgeries. I had tubes in my ears, and I've little
Natalie Austin: That's it. Oh, wow. And I got the left. I've had few laparoscopy due to them to meet roses, but they're not like major surgeries. It's
Jamie: Just scraping of the uterus.
Okay.
Gotcha.
Natalie Austin: Um okay no surgeries okay family has through
Jamie: My mind is like hundred percent healthy and she's in great health for age and I don't know my father. So, I mean, I know him, but he's never been in my age, so I don't know his history.
Natalie Austin: Addiction.
Jamie: He's got his own addiction, that's not
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: How old is your mother.
Jamie: 1559
Natalie Austin: So yeah, he had all young
Jamie: Yeah, she's 61 sorry
Jamie: She's, she's two years old. She's 61 and she's in great health, she's never had any surgeries herself. She's
Jamie: She's doing great. She's got a thyroid issue, but I've had my checks and I won't have any
Jamie: Yep.
I'm
Natalie Austin: Here, have you, um, do you have any brothers or sisters
Jamie: I have one brother.
Jamie: He's perfectly healthy and he didn't know addiction and no health issues. He's very he's a health nut.
Natalie Austin: Oh, does he work out all the time.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: I'm
Natalie Austin: Just wondering is the older or younger than you.
Older
Jamie: Okay years old.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Um, we're grandparents still alive.
Jamie: Now I actually just lost my both of them in the last two years.
Jamie: My mom's parents. My dad's parents. I have not have not been in my life.
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Um, okay. So go to the social history met you're married.
Jamie: Um, no. But we've been together 20 years
Jamie: My
Natalie Austin: Mom, you're like common law.
Jamie: Yeah, they don't have that here in Ohio anymore. But yeah, if it was here really comes mom.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: And you have one you have three kids together.
Jamie: Yes.
Jamie: Well, my
Jamie: Oldest one what ages. Are they again.
Jamie: My oldest one is not his okay raised them together, they're
Jamie: 1719 and 12
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: And boys, girls boys or girls.
Jamie: oldest ones, a boy and next to our girls.
Jamie: Actually not contain the one just turned 13
Jamie: I lose track but yeah 913 917 and 13 all teenagers. Yeah.
Jamie: Yeah.
Jamie: Oh,
Jamie: Well, my 17 year old she'll be leaner healthier.
Jamie: Yeah, my 17 year old she'll be leaving for boot camp here. I'm on. Well supposedly in a month or two if it doesn't change, and she'll be turning 18 there and my
Natalie Austin: Son he doesn't live at
Jamie: Home. So right now. Well, I know a month or two to just be the youngest here.
Natalie Austin: Gotcha. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, all the sudden
Jamie: Not good.
Jamie: Not
Natalie Austin: Surprising
Jamie: Yeah, drive each other nuts.
Natalie Austin: Oh,
Natalie Austin: Okay, I do use tobacco, alcohol, and he said, positive marijuana use at night.
Jamie: And it's about alcohol.
Jamie: Tobacco is not very much at all like maybe once or twice a day. Some days, none at all.
Jamie: Depends on what kind of day I'm having I should quit, but not gonna say I'm going to quit tell I'm gonna quit.
Natalie Austin: Smoking
Jamie: Um, what age were you
Jamie: Sorry. Um, I was 18 when I started, and I've smoked off and on. I haven't smoked all throughout the years but um
Jamie: Yeah 17 1718
Jamie: Say, Sam. But I was older than her friends.
Natalie Austin: How about alcohol.
Jamie: No, never been a drinker.
OK.
Natalie Austin: OK, so I'm allergies. Do you have any allergies anything
Jamie: No, I'm sorry.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Jamie: No allergies.
Natalie Austin: And then
Natalie Austin: We'll go over your medicine was here to
Natalie Austin: See
Jamie: Are you taking
Jamie: my soapbox and take abuse grown bento flaxen and then a low dose of our problems them.
Which is
Jamie: You know my psychiatrists
Jamie: That'll probably just I've never needed anything like that before until the situation with my daughter started to then a year now.
Natalie Austin: And I ok
Jamie: So I don't plan on meeting all that for ever, like, hopefully this year will be the end of it.
Jamie: Well, I know they then have it, but hopefully to be the end of meeting a medication, other than my soapbox
Jamie: But I've never been on any other medication till the actually till about December I started taking the medications. I started seeing a counselor.
Jamie: After this happened with my daughter, daughter started I see one with her and then I see one on my own. Also, and then I see a psychiatrist also so
Natalie Austin: I have the screen up here. What are the meds again. So I'm going to type them in.
Jamie: And medications.
Jamie: Then a flaxen, which I think is Effexor
Natalie Austin: Okay that's effects or
Yes.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: What 950 75 100
Jamie: I think it's 5010 milligrams of the sperone
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Jamie: And point two five of the prize lamb.
Natalie Austin: That's Xanax right
Jamie: Yes, definitely. Generic but yeah
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: I'll problem.
Natalie Austin: nighters as needed.
Jamie: As needed but I mainly take it at night.
Jamie: night every night. But that's usually when I take it to
Jamie: wind down negates asleep.
Jamie: Mind my brain.
Natalie Austin: And the best part is a five or 10 milligrams
Jamie: That's 10
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: What do you take anything for then Dimitrios if you take ibuprofen and Tylenol.
Jamie: No, I just take this over here that
Natalie Austin: Yeah, okay.
Jamie: I mean, I do. I'm wearing I'm wearing a period, I will take ibuprofen, but I don't take it on a regular everyday or anything.
Jamie: But the Suboxone actually helps quite a bit with it.
Natalie Austin: Yes, nice because it does both
Jamie: Yeah, I think if I didn't
Jamie: It might not help as much
Natalie Austin: I'll send your script out. Now I know you don't need it tomorrow, but we will be there tomorrow. Okay.
Jamie: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Are you able to be on group on Thursday.
Jamie: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Okay, I'll give you enough till Thursday. And then after that I'll be able to do it weekly from there. Okay.
Jamie: Today is Monday, sir. Thank you.
Natalie Austin: So if I give you enough for Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday. Is that okay, six tablets.
Jamie: Okay, yeah.
Natalie Austin: It's going to CVS pharmacy on Second Street, is that correct
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Jamie: Is there any way that you can do it for. I mean, I'm okay with that because of the first time, but I have to drive a half an hour to get
Jamie: So,
Jamie: Yeah, I live in the middle of in the boonies
Jamie: Oh,
Jamie: I mean, if it's necessary, that's fine. But if there's any way we can do it for the week that just be helpful for me as I'm trying to go out much either.
Natalie Austin: Um, do they deliver. They don't deliver house.
Jamie: I live.
Natalie Austin: Is there any more closer. Is there any other
Jamie: Know I live in shocked in and pretty shocked and the closest one. I mean, I can do it. Don't get me wrong, I was just asking. It's fine if that's a job to do.
Natalie Austin: I can do for tech, you gotta show up on Thursday, though. Okay.
Jamie: Sorry.
Jamie: Um, what time on Thursday.
Natalie Austin: Um, there's a, there's one, there's one at six.
Jamie: Okay newness good for me.
Natalie Austin: So I've done this for other patients, you know, like, give them enough for like 10 days.
Natalie Austin: For the next
Natalie Austin: And they didn't show up. So I had to put them on like three days now so
Jamie: No, I'm unreliable. You'll learn
Natalie Austin: He carefully say I'm stuck in traffic because no one's going anywhere, you know,
Jamie: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: So as long as you keep your end of the
Natalie Austin: Show up your meetings. OK.
Jamie: I will. I mean, I know you probably hear a lot, but you'll see
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Yes. If you don't, then we're weird place john like every three days you'll be running to the pharmacy every three days. So I know you want to do that.
Jamie: Show up on Thursday. I'll
Natalie Austin: Give you some
Natalie Austin: Give you some motivation. Right.
Jamie: We have nothing else to do.
Okay, cool.
Natalie Austin: I'll give you 20 oh no we don't. So then this Thursday next Thursday. And the next time we meet. Okay.
Jamie: So let the every Thursday and then
Yeah.
Jamie: Yeah, that works great Thursday at noon.
Natalie Austin: Yes. Well, there's
Natalie Austin: There's two of them.
Natalie Austin: Doesn't matter.
Jamie: Which one I go to
Natalie Austin: Oh no, it doesn't do whatever you want.
Jamie: Do I need to learn it like 1145
Natalie Austin: Yes, so some
Jamie: Code. Okay. All right.
Natalie Austin: Because she changes her zoom room every day, my, my zoom room stays the same.
Natalie Austin: But we're shows changes. I don't know why he died in a roster live it every week. It's different. I know it's kind of annoying to look it up on my show. What do you do this three
Natalie Austin: Must be a reason I don't know what it is, though.
Jamie: Yeah, I am so
Jamie: Thankful is where I live in my situation is so helpful to not have to go out to somewhere every week. And like I said, it's an hour drive. So, um, I won't do anything to mess this up.
Natalie Austin: Oh, good. Okay, well good. You know, that's part of your contract with us is to like be complying with everything. Sounds good. Thank you.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Jamie: Yeah, I'm not the one before I met. Now, I was with them for four years.
Natalie Austin: Oh, wow.
Jamie: But I really liked them because they cared, like I hate like the
Places that are just
Jamie: Kind of like a pill mill LIKE IT'S IN and OUT LIKE YOU GOT. They don't care. I just said it's a pet peeve of mine and
Jamie: I like
Jamie: When people care.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: Yeah, we're definitely not a pill mills, we don't we don't get we only get, you know, we just get peanuts for live
Natalie Austin: Yeah, I know, I know.
Natalie Austin: We don't get paid much we get we get paid like $30
Jamie: Yeah, that's yes ridiculous.
Natalie Austin: They don't call you.
Natalie Austin: Don't insurance companies don't cover anything. Yeah.
Jamie: So we're driving more out of the
Jamie: Heart, you know, because I know like every little thing costs money. Like, and I know what you guys. You can't be making too much.
Natalie Austin: Noise
Natalie Austin: So yeah, it's more like a charity thing, I think,
It's helping people out and
Jamie: Yeah, I don't like to be treated a certain way and you know I actually enjoy counseling. I haven't enjoyed groups. I enjoy that kind of stuff. I enjoy meetings. That's my only socialization in life.
Oh,
Look good, so
Natalie Austin: Our groups are really cool. And you'll like them.
Jamie: Good. I'm looking forward to
Natalie Austin: Okay, I'll send over to
Natalie Austin: My secretary, let them know to schedule you
Jamie: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Please schedule.
For
Natalie Austin: Ohio.
Natalie Austin: West
Natalie Austin: Myself.
Natalie Austin: This Thursday.
Natalie Austin: Was actually like super
Natalie Austin: You come at six. Is that okay with you.
Jamie: Yeah, that's fine.
Natalie Austin: Okay, there's
Natalie Austin: It's almost like overflowing.
Natalie Austin: And you probably will get to it to too many words in edgewise. Because it's getting so big.
Jamie: Yeah, no, that's fine. Either one is fine.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: I'll figure it out and send it to you, but I just put a note in there just to send you a link there. Okay. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Okay, so I just sent her a note.
Natalie Austin: I gotta check one more screen here.
Natalie Austin: I saw your prescription. Now you should have gotten a text message from good Rx
Jamie: I haven't gotten it wrong. I haven't gotten it yet.
Now,
Natalie Austin: It might take a minute. If not, do you have a cell phone. Yeah.
Jamie: Yeah, I'm on it now.
Natalie Austin: They might not have sent it. I don't know. But the script one through
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Let me check one more.
Natalie Austin: section here.
Natalie Austin: With allergies and medications review of systems. Do you have any nausea, vomiting, fever, chills,
Jamie: Nope, perfectly fine.
Natalie Austin: No, almost all symptoms.
Know,
Natalie Austin: You have any pain associated with your, your periods. Now,
Jamie: I little bit right now that's only because I'm on it.
Natalie Austin: Yeah. Oh, okay. So positive for menstrual pain, I guess.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, I always
Natalie Austin: Know, nausea, vomiting, fever, chills, know first breath headache.
Jamie: Know, everything's good. I feel
Natalie Austin: 100% so now my algis any swelling anywhere. Many edema.
Jamie: No.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: So 14 point system review pot positive only for menstrual cramps.
Natalie Austin: Next time, physical exam general well developed wilner female Nokia distress.
Natalie Austin: Um, how tall are you,
Jamie: Five three. Okay.
Natalie Austin: So height is five three. Wait, what is your weight.
Jamie: I'm 120,000 or 25 last time I weighed myself and put on a few pounds, so I'm 128 maybe
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: You're tiny
Jamie: Let's say I I stress will make me lose weight and I try not to lose weight. I work hard to gain it
Jamie: Tied up
Natalie Austin: And like you said you have the medical marijuana supposed to increase your appetite. Does that help
Jamie: Yes, it does a lot
Natalie Austin: To do.
Natalie Austin: For
Natalie Austin: 1980. What is your zip code.
Natalie Austin: 81243812
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: 4381243812
Natalie Austin: Did you ever get prescriptions anywhere outside of Ohio.
Jamie: No.
Natalie Austin: The West Virginia, Pennsylvania. No, no.
Natalie Austin: So use the city. Denise.
Natalie Austin: Friends in new Philadelphia, Ohio.
Yes.
Natalie Austin: Yes, you wrote your last script on April eight,
Jamie: Yeah yeah
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: For seven seven days.
Natalie Austin: And five.
Jamie: Yeah, he had another one. And I didn't fill it.
Jamie: I will. I was another supposed to fill and I wasn't gonna fill it because I well tomorrow I'm supposed to fill it. But I didn't want to feel it because I didn't want to interfere with you guys, so I'll throw it out.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, and the pharmacy won't feel it won't take it anyway.
Natalie Austin: No.
Natalie Austin: I know it's all right yes off run through a system here that I'm looking through, but I want to get you in trouble. So I will read.
Jamie: By you
Natalie Austin: If you try to fill two scripts that'll red flag. You
Jamie: I know I wasn't going to
Good, good. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Just yeah just destroy it rip it up.
Natalie Austin: And then you saw patients that are a doctor and seven hills. My Mahmoud more to him. Okay, say that
Jamie: Yeah, that was the doctor, I was with for a long time.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, okay.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, looks like only that our prize lamb.
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Well they okay with you being on our problem.
Natalie Austin: Um, yeah, I know some Suboxone
Jamie: The low dose. They were okay with it.
Natalie Austin: Like I say situation. I think it will get
Jamie: Better when things get better.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Okay, yeah, that is very low. That's good.
Natalie Austin: It was like em interrupt any more higher we'd have to have a talk. Yeah.
Getting it
Natalie Austin: Okay, just so you're aware, I want you to be aware of. It's a Saturday, you know,
Yes.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Okay, I'm not coming off there. Um, okay. So yeah, we did the height and weight.
Jamie: Actually, you don't have to phone number. Sorry, I don't mean to interrupt you have
Jamie: Some phone numbers for me and you, if, if I get it, they might might be trying to send a text message to my home number
Natalie Austin: Oh, I bet that's where it one. Yeah.
Jamie: Cuz that's good number. They called earlier.
Natalie Austin: Oh gosh, what is your home. And what is your fix it. What is your phone number. What is yourself.
Jamie: My home is 740-824-4155
Natalie Austin: Okay, and also itself.
Jamie: 740502104 or
Natalie Austin: 5104 or five
Natalie Austin: Yes. Which one do you want us to sunny.
Natalie Austin: Weather
Jamie: I can only get them on my cell.
Natalie Austin: Okay, yeah, I guess.
Natalie Austin: Text messages you mean yeah
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: That's where they must about the other one in there. Here, I'll fix it here. So, you know, Jamie.
Natalie Austin: Sutton. There we go. Yeah, but that's where it went. Because you would have gotten it by now.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: See here.
Natalie Austin: This says mobile phone is 8244155 nope that's incorrect.
Natalie Austin: Hahaha
Natalie Austin: So they did with the wrong one. Right.
Jamie: So yeah, I figured I wasn't getting the message. And I thought about it. They called my house number so I live somewhere I live. Sometimes I will not have any reception. I know my cell phone. It's weird, but
Jamie: Sometimes the weather. If it's like real cloudy. I'll have really bad reception or
Jamie: Cell phone
Natalie Austin: Okay so 808244155
Natalie Austin: I'll change that so there. Okay.
Natalie Austin: That's five to
Natalie Austin: 1045 that correct
Yes.
Natalie Austin: Make sense
Natalie Austin: For
Natalie Austin: The future, if we can't reach you by that will just call you on your
Natalie Austin: Home. So it's gonna be at your cell phone's gonna be your primary now so we just can't reach you, they will call you on your home okay in there.
Jamie: Yeah, that's what I this is what I was trying to explain. So the lady.
Jamie: To put that just in case I just didn't want them to know because sometimes with no service, my phone just doesn't rain.
Natalie Austin: Right.
Natalie Austin: Gotcha. Okay. I fixed it.
Jamie: Okay, thank you.
You're welcome.
Natalie Austin: Okay, so, um,
Natalie Austin: He he AMP T Perla
Natalie Austin: Cardiac pulses and tack lungs non labor respiration.
Natalie Austin: Admin a glutton under at AMP T wearing glasses. I'm lungs knowledge or aspirations add to understand extremities know edema cycle or two times three musculoskeletal five flesh five normal gate.
Natalie Austin: Neuro cranial nerves to through 12 and tact psych alert and oriented times three pleasant cooperative
Natalie Austin: lymphatics Nolan Batman apathy, to tell you the first
Natalie Austin: One is assessment.
Natalie Austin: And opioid use disorder f one 1.10 and meet Rios is
Situational anxiety.
Natalie Austin: Next line plan continuous Suboxone eight slash two tabs one to twice daily sent to write a two day
Natalie Austin: Period follow up on Thursday at 6pm group with Rochelle and myself for group therapy and med medical management.
Natalie Austin: Monthly urine drug screens completed or checked monthly
Natalie Austin: Mental Health completed tobacco cessation recommended
Natalie Austin: I'm copy to Dr. Jamison for coastline.
Natalie Austin: We discussed a
Jamie: Painting medical marijuana card so
Natalie Austin: Maybe try to get that in the future.
Jamie: Okay and agree to that.
Natalie Austin: Um, let's see here, and us like hot. Yeah, continue to follow you follow up with like high trust.
Natalie Austin: For the
Natalie Austin: For counseling and medical management.
Natalie Austin: You see that month, you see the monthly right
Jamie: I pants or twice a month and psychiatrist once a month.
Natalie Austin: Okay, so follow up with counselor and side first.
Natalie Austin: Monthly or
Natalie Austin: Felt with a counselor twice a month and psychiatrists monthly. Yep.
Natalie Austin: And then follow up with ob gyn and for future hysterectomy. Correct.
Jamie: Yes.
Natalie Austin: Do you have a date for that. Yep.
Jamie: No with a virus, they can't even
Natalie Austin: Oh yeah can schedule.
No.
That's right.
Natalie Austin: And then whenever you do get it. This is going to be your first surgery.
Natalie Austin: You got to make sure they don't take you off the Suboxone and put you on opioids. Okay.
Jamie: Yes, this actually have. I have a fear of why I held off on getting it for so long. It's because
Natalie Austin: They do that now. I'm like, why would you do that they take take patients often Suboxone opiates for the three days there and they're like, No.
So, whatever. Yeah.
Jamie: It doesn't make any sense because you already have the know X owning you so you're paying bills probably aren't going to work.
Natalie Austin: Right work anyway. Yeah, you're blocking it
Natalie Austin: Yeah, exactly. It's, I take it you're taking a tic tac
Jamie: Yeah, so that was like a fear of mine.
Natalie Austin: So whenever we get to that point, just let you know if you need us to talk to the surgeon or whatever, let us know. We'll try to help you out with that but
Natalie Austin: Are you
Natalie Austin: Yeah, you need to
Natalie Austin: Don't let them do that. I've seen that happen so many times.
Natalie Austin: I just cringe.
Jamie: I've heard horror stories.
Natalie Austin: Let's cuz I don't know if they're not educated on the situation. They know they don't understand it, I guess.
Natalie Austin: And it's kind of a tricky situation but
Jamie: Yeah, as
Natalie Austin: Long as long as you're aware
Jamie: I'm going to tell some doctors more on the side like some doctors don't under especially wasn't a couple years ago, but
Jamie: I read only kid into it with some doctors because the way they would treat you know people me and people in general. And it's like, you need to educate yourself on the
Natalie Austin: Next exactly what it is.
Jamie: Yeah, addiction hearing some doctors are ignorant to it.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, I don't think we don't take a class in that when we go to medical school. I got a PA school, medical, you know, we have a year's worth of medical school and we we don't cover addiction medicine in our training and neither do doctors that I'm aware of. Unless it's something new.
Jamie: Yeah, but unfortunately, yes.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, they should I hopefully they have since added that I went to school like 22 years ago but
Jamie: Without everything is these days that they've definitely would have added it
Natalie Austin: I hope they have correct but that it's always been a great one liners, they don't they don't understand it.
Jamie: Not at all.
Jamie: Sorry, I'm walking around, I'm
Jamie: Trying to pick
Natalie Austin: Locks group. Okay.
Natalie Austin: You'll find out like I'm
Natalie Austin: Group that I'm you know if you have to. You can you can hit the video button. You know, like, like that. See, I hit the video but
Jamie: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: If you need to go to the bathroom or something you know just hit that we really work with
Jamie: I was wondering, I'm actually curious if you had to be on video, the whole time.
Natalie Austin: There's some of the people don't, because there's so many of us anyway so you could do.
Jamie: That
Natalie Austin: You know, if you have to go the bathroom or whatever.
Natalie Austin: It is the dog.
Natalie Austin: The dog is screaming in the background, you can hit
Natalie Austin: hit the mute button while the counselors talking. If you need to, you know,
Jamie: I know
Natalie Austin: You. We have several patients that you have the babies crying and the dogs barking and one guy when he comes in from work. So you hear this Rata tat, tat always hammering
Natalie Austin: We always ask him to mute him. So he's muted, the whole time.
Natalie Austin: But he still wasn't he has headphones, you still lesson. You know, you're still part of it.
Jamie: Yeah, it's just thinking, I don't have any good headphones really my daughter dies. But we have shows on iPhone and you can't use the same kind of headphones in mind, but even just for among
Natalie Austin: Them to
Natalie Austin: Maybe only, you know, pick up your scripture. You can see if they have some headphones. They're not be easier for you.
Jamie: Yeah well to be
Jamie: Around. They're not listening.
Natalie Austin: Correct, yes. And it's, it's for your own privacy as well.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, but yet 90% of everyone had they were their headphones and if I think Rachelle even
Natalie Austin: She suggested a recommends it, I believe, as well. So
Jamie: Well, you do your bed like even like HIPAA. You think you almost might be required to
Natalie Austin: Yeah, exactly.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Yep.
Natalie Austin: Everyone said home like especially if you're at work. That's correct. If you're at home. I know you don't, you're not really hiding anything from your
Natalie Austin: Your my guess you could
Keep the
Jamie: kids run around.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, exactly. Yeah, you don't hit them here stuff. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Okay, looks like everything is done everything on the computer here.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: I think it is the plan. I said, all the plan.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, okay.
Natalie Austin: Sounds good. Any issues with their
Jamie: You saw my prescription to Rite Aid or CVS.
Natalie Austin: Let me check. I gotta check again.
Natalie Austin: I thought it was
Natalie Austin: I imagine I said it to you. Remember what I said. I said it out loud.
Jamie: I well you said CVS. At first, and then I think you said writing
Jamie: But I have
Natalie Austin: I'm going to charge where I said it. Oh, no.
Jamie: It doesn't matter which one, but just so I know where it's going to be
Natalie Austin: I think it was CVS.
Natalie Austin: Whatever you
Natalie Austin: I found right in your in this
Jamie: In the computer because I filled out the paperwork. I've done the
Jamie: The initial part a couple times. So I think maybe the first time I gave Rite Aid. And then this last time I gave some yes
Natalie Austin: Okay, let me check. You have to go
Jamie: It doesn't matter. You don't have to change it. Whatever is in there just so I know
Natalie Austin: I'll go back and look
Natalie Austin: I don't know.
Natalie Austin: You know how I find out don't under demographics, maybe
Natalie Austin: Because it shows up whenever I send the prescription is it's in the box, but I'm not sending a prescription. I don't know how to tell
Jamie: Oh, don't worry about it. Then I I'll just, if I don't if it's not an either one. That was my question. I can just, I'll get him. I know I get messages from both of them. So I'll get a message when it's
Natalie Austin: Yes, it's all high
Natalie Austin: That's all right. Hi.
Jamie: No, there's Chestnut and Second Street, maybe. Second Street.
Or something.
Natalie Austin: But I think it was CVS, but yeah.
Natalie Austin: Call both of them. I guess I'm sorry I can't get
Natalie Austin: It. Well done.
Jamie: They'll still send me an email, whichever one is that they'll send me a message when it's filled and ready to be picked up. Now, if I have any issues. Do I just need to call the one 800 number
Natalie Austin: Yes, yes.
Natalie Austin: If they are
Natalie Austin: Still good, they probably won't fill it till tomorrow.
Jamie: Yeah, I'm not even going till tomorrow, so I'm not gonna go until I get a message and say that it's Phil
Natalie Austin: Yes, I will do. Yeah.
Jamie: Because there, they have their really, it takes a while now, because everybody's going through the drive through instead of going in. So if you're
Jamie: Not ready. You'll we wait and
Natalie Austin: Allow others true yeah
Jamie: Wheels.
Jamie: Up. Go ahead.
Natalie Austin: Give the other questions.
Jamie: Nope, I was just asking. We were all set.
Natalie Austin: Okay, yep. Sounds good.
Natalie Austin: Alright, well thank you very much.
Jamie: All right.
Jamie: Thank you so much appreciated.